### Async and await

Synchronous: Need to wait for a task to finish to move to the next one.
Asynchronous: Can move to another task before the previous one finishes.
Await expressions make promise-returning functions behave as though they're synchronous by suspending execution until the returned promise is fulfilled or rejected.

Note:
- The `await` keyword is only valid inside `async` functions.


Authentication:
- Session: Small JSON file with uniqueID, loginTime, expery etc => Stored in DB to look up. UI send request with ID(Inside cookies). 
Not scalable , cross-site request forgery, man-in-the-middle
Can the server admins perform securities operations like logging users out, changing their details, etc
- Token: Generated by server with secretKey. Stored by user storage.
Essential in API <=> API. No DB lookUp🆙. 
Decrypting the user’s token and verifying its signature
Server does not authenticate the user. If a hypothetical attacker manages to get a valid token, they may have unlimited access to the server databases.


The FOREIGN KEY constraint prevents invalid data from being inserted into the foreign key column, because it has to be one of the values contained in the parent table.

Power BI is an interactive data visualization software product developed by Microsoft with a primary focus on business intelligence.
Tableau Software is an American interactive data visualization software company focused on business intelligence.


Authenticated (AuthN): Verifies that someone or something is who they say they are: username & password
Authorized: 

AWS RDS: Amazon Relational Database Service
AWS lambda: Event-driven, serverless computing platform


OCR: Optical character recognition